What happens when you initialize a repository?  Why do you need to do it?

  It appears that initialializing a repository creates a git object.  That
  object allows the git program to keep track of different versions of the
  project files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository?  What value do you think it offers?

  The staging area is just a temporary vehicle.  It only exists to determine
  what will be added to the repo.  The repository and working directory
  continue to exist, regardless of whether the user is operating on them.  The
  value is that it allows you to modify a temporary variable while deciding
  what you want to put in the repository, before you commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  You can use git diff --staged to compare the differences between the latest
  commit and what you are about to commit.  That comparison will tell whether
  the difference represents one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your
history organized?  How would branches help?

  Branches would be helpful if I was adding a whole new functionality to a
  program, or taking someone else's program in my own direction.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  They allow you to see how different commits are related.

What is the result of merging two branches together?  Why do we represent it
in the diagram the way we do?

  The result is that all of the commits are represented along a single branch.
  We do it this way to be able to trace back the commits in a linear fashion.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs always doing
merges manually?

  The pros are that it saves time.  If the changes are small, then Git
  won't be asking users to resolve every single small difference in
  the files.  The cons are that the users are relying on Git to
  discern which changes need to be double-checked, and which can be
  automatically changed in the merged file.
